hello everyone so today I'm going to be
showing you around my new room because
I've just moved in for my third year of
university at Jesus College at the
University of Cambridge and my
accommodation is all new again I do
obviously have my own thoughts and
opinions on the room I naturally do
compare my first-year room my second
year room and my third year room and I'm
like which is fellow which do I prefer I
tell you all about it in the video
before we go any further I just want to
give a really big shout out to
Skillshare for so kindly sponsoring this
video and yeah let's get into it so yeah
a door
very exciting let's move on and next the
door I have my little dog doorstop which
isn't heavy enough to actually hold the
door but as we all know I have it for
decoration my actual doorstop are my
slippers so you know they're easy to
grab and go when I need them around the
house and then moving round from the
door we have a structure that looks
swamped with coats which granted it is
it is my wardrobe I have got hooks just
hung over the door like so I got this
except from these jackets winter coats
it's a really tricky time of year so
that's why I've got so many coats with
me I don't know what sort
outerwear I'm gonna be needing is it
gonna be sunny is it gonna be rainy is
it gonna be freezing cold who knows it's
British weather and yes let's go into
the wardrobe it's not massive it is a
lot smaller than my wardrobe in my
second year and also my first year as
well so this is Miss Lourdes wardrobe
yet it was a bit worrying when I arrived
because I have a lot of clothes they
bring me happiness so I don't feel too
bad about it but yeah it was a struggle
fitting everything in the water and then
at the bottom of the wardrobe I have all
my shoes kind of chucked in they're not
very well ordered but yeah shoes okay
and moving along from the Wardrobe is my
chest of drawers so we do have a slight
defect here
one of the knobs is missing but never
the matter it still functions it's fine
so my drawers are pretty much rammed
full because as I said I don't pack
light and I'm coming to regret it so
I've got all my comedy clothes
exercise gear what is even in this one
jeans and then I'm making use of the
space on top of my chest of drawers for
all my makeup staff my contact lenses
brushes jewelry mirror perfume there
yeah
this area is generally where I come to
get ready in the mornings okay hand out
on the radiator because ABS ink I don't
have an ensuite this year it's quite sad
I wish I still did have an ensuite but I
am only sharing a bathroom with my
friends so it's not that bad and the
bathroom is literally next door to my
room so it's not as if I'm having to
trek far to use the shower what we'll go
to loo so fine by me but I do get a sink
in my room and a mirror up here so I can
obviously brush my teeth do my makeup in
my room
oh wait what's that up there in the
corner it's my YouTube play button yay I
got this over summer it's very exciting
it did need the use of a command hook
under there Basin mirror I have had to
put in a maintenance request though
because the tap pressure is really off
and really weird the hot water barely
works and the cold water doesn't turn on
then turns on really high pressure and
then it's really hard to turn it off and
other people have had that issue and
they've managed to fix it so I think
some maintenance guy will come sort that
for me soon I also need to put in a
maintenance request for this because it
does not work at all
slap taps but all in all like you know
it is a bit of a fixer-upper but it's
gonna work this mirror is dirty I should
clean that I do have cleaning stuff for
my sink and also a bathroom bin down
here then moving around I have two
baskets
but if my washed off this is the one I
carry to and from the bathroom every day
this is less daily stuff but still
useful stuff under here you've all seen
this before in previous years it's my
laundry bin which fits nicely in that
corner as you can see here this evening
does start to slope this is actually my
bedside table which does not fit next to
the bed so it's actually across the room
for the bed basically I've made use of
these drawers for more clothes yes still
useful for storage I say in general this
room does not have a lot of storage or
maybe I just got used to having a lot of
storage last year and now to have a lot
less storage this year it's a bit of a
shock so I've had to be quite creative
we're just trying to fit as much stuff
in all the drawers as possible next to
my chest of drawers I have my desk here
is I've got my computer all set up and
my other des key bits behind there it's
not a massive desk so I've had to kind
of put a few things around the back and
I'm gonna have to rearrange things when
I want to do writing but we'll work with
it this is my daylight lamp which is
actually new this year it's touch so you
like tap it and it gets brighter and
then my filing trays which are a bit
empty at the moment but they will get
quite full as soon as turn probably
starts there's my pencil Porter and
there the side of my desk is acting as a
bedside table because as I said that
bedside table does not fit next to my
bed so I've got my alarm clock radio
docking station thing next to my bed
and also at my mug of water and coasters
that I like by my bed behind the desk
we've got a window and there was quite
worried because when I looked at the
floor plan of the room I thought it's
gonna be quite dark with only a fairly
small window like this but the room is
actually very well lit so that's a
relief
but though the desk I've got my
extension leads and quite a lot of plugs
down here you can see and there's some
more behind the bed there as well so no
shortage of plug sockets here are my
desk drawers
lots of miscellaneous bits spare purse
glasses pencil case calculator this is
kind of my day-to-day draw whereas this
is more my stock draw of things I don't
use all the time but are still useful
and here is my desk chair it's actually
very comfy and it's a lot better than my
one at home so that is a big win I like
that a lot there's the whole desk area
for you to see the desk is smaller than
my one last year but my one last year
was massive so that's not really saying
much and it's still a very decent
working space and I'm sure I'll be doing
a lot of work here over the course of
the year it is from the range when I got
it a few years ago so yeah I don't
really know where to get nice patterned
bedding I'm really picky so comment down
below if you've got good suggestions on
where to buy new bedding with cool more
modern patterns because I find there's
loads of more old fashioned patterns in
the shops or more boring patterns that
are mainly suitable for older people but
where's the bedding for you know the
cool young people who want
cool bedding and as always I've got my
pink throw on the bed and there's my
bear in the corner and yeah as you can
see again the ceiling does slope on this
side of the room but it's not a problem
because it's over my bed well I'm not
going to be standing anyway so it's all
good
as you can probably see up in the wall
who's a bit of a close-up view chips in
the wall yeah this room has clearly had
a bit of wear and tear in its time it's
not been newly refurbished or anything
like that you can see a few more chips
and faults up there and scratches but to
be honest it's not too much of a problem
also worth noting is down here we've got
a few stains on the carpet and over here
as well so you know it's not luxury but
it's okay and then up above my bed is
the picture we've all seen before of my
second day of university I can't believe
that was two years ago now
time has literally flight and then at
the end of my bed is my coffee table I
have some tissues and my tray which I'd
like to carry food and drinks on up to
my room below here I've got all my bags
so my rucksack I take to lecture down my
shopping bags have stored a lot of stuff
under the bed as well as you can see
there because as I mentioned earlier
there is a bit of lack of storage space
next the bed I have a clothes rack this
is the overflow from my wardrobe I think
there's probably actually more clothes
here than there actually are in the
wardrobe I bought my rack from Wilco
when I panicked on first day and
realized I couldn't fit everything in
the Wardrobe and all these hangers which
were very cheap as well so that was good
I've got more jumpers and stuff folded
under here and then below this unit I've
also got storage boxes for things like
spare towels and bedding miscellaneous
outdoor bits and hair dryers and the
music stands my bike helmet got a photo
on the wall of me in my first year back
when I was a novice Cox also my
fireplace which is and then above the
mantelpiece is the Fairburn shield from
when I run the fehb incop with the Jesus
w1 group below my altar I've also got my
clarinet and music stored because I'm
wanting to join a band this year so
brought that with me I would have my
saxophone as well but that did not fit
in the car and then another thing to
note is this missing piece of carpet
it's quite sad this room has a few
defects but we'll deal with it next to
the fireplace is a shelving unit so on
the bottom shelf I've got my work so
I've got a folder of last year's lecture
notes which I thought would be useful to
refer to an empty folder to start
filling this year my physics formula
book some folders which I'm going to
fill with supervision work and stuff
moving off the shelf
I've just got more miscellaneous bits
hair stuff up a shelf
I've got my Polaroid camera big fan of
this little photo album with all my
polaroid photos in it my pins which I
use for my pin board a few command hooks
which always useful when decorating my
room more stuff like that on the top of
this unit I have decorative bits and
then my pin board I've decorated it with
lots of photos from the past couple of
years and postcards I've collected and
little invitation notes I've collected
little memory bits that I like and I've
decorated around the edge with very
lights let's put those on tada
how cute is that this noticeboard is a
lot smaller than one notice board last
year is probably about a third of the
size of last year's notice board which
it's not a problem because last year's
notice board was a ridiculous size it
literally spanned a whole wall bar also
I've had to condense all my stuff that I
have for my notice board onto this small
space so I think I'm gonna have to
rotate photos because I've got so much
more stuff I'd like to pin up I just
don't have space for it so yeah or I'm
thinking of my string photos up
somewhere possibly here's a back-up plan
okay and that's it I've shown you all
the way around my room now a very quick
tour and what my thoughts on the room
well it's not as nice as my rooms from
first year or second year but it's still
massive for student accommodation I
think this is pretty big I also think it
has a really cozy feel I quite like the
sloping ceilings I knew it would have
sloping ceilings when I chose the room
it was kind of part of the reason I
chose it because I liked the cozy vibe
it gave I think having the fireplace is
an awesome feature I don't know I
genuinely do think I will feel quite at
home in this room this year yes it could
probably do with a bit of a paint job
and a touch up but that is kind of the
case with a lot of student accommodation
this room is also a lot cheaper than my
rooms in first and second year so that's
a very nurse I'm living with all my
friends again this year which is really
nice the bathrooms are functional I
haven't shown you them in this video
but there's only about three or four
people to a bathroom so you never really
have to wait to use it
like the rooms the bathrooms could
definitely do with a bit of a
refurbishment this accommodation is one
of the ones which the college has not
yet refurbished and it's on a list of
accommodations to be refurbished soon so
all the bathrooms and the kitchen should
get done up in the next few years I
don't want to sound like I'm complaining
about my room in this video because I'm
not I actually really like it I'm just
pointing out that it's not the perfect
University room and I feel like last
year I had it so so good my room had a
balcony it was so light and beautiful
yeah that doesn't mean to say I don't
like this room a lot I do and I'm
pleased with my choice of accommodation
for this year I'm pleased with how I've
decorated it and yeah I guess that's my
opinion on my room it's not the best
accommodation that Jesus College has to
offer but it's also not bad at all and I
just wanted to chat quickly about
today's video sponsor Skillshare who you
all know by now I am a big fan of I've
done a lot of work with them recently I
literally use Skillshare so much it's an
online learning community for creators
with so many courses I've done courses
on learning to use Final Cut Pro how to
make a grilled cheese sandwich and low
budget film making a social media
strategy the next class I've got lined
up to do it's a Productivity masterclass
there are lots and lots of different
courses on Skillshare for productivity
but I'll put the one here that I'm
thinking of doing as a student I'm
always looking to be more productive so
what's not to like
so yeah I am a big skill chef Anne and I
would highly recommend their premium
memberships these memberships give you
unlimited access to all their classes
and learning communities and excitingly
Scotia is giving away a free unlimited
access to months trial to my subscribers
who click the link in the description
box below and after that it's only
around ten dollars per month so yeah if
you're interested go check Skillshare
out and that is it for today's video I
hope you enjoyed it and looking around
my room please give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it subscribe
to see more videos from me and hit the
notification belts then you're notified
whenever I upload follow me over more on
my instagram as well which is at
underscore page underscore boy i'll put
a link to that in the description and
yeah that's it i'll see you soon with
another video guys
[Music]
you